Tásantara
If it is Tez element notGsawdama god.
If you raise it and see Bridge over that...
Huh!
The same yourJossmas'
Tragic strategy...
This is the head of the Kayaba clan.
I met him at a strange place.
I caught him later in the village,
but he was always very polite and polite.
What happened?
I've heard a lot about him.
After the harvest,
he was very polite.
He was very shy.
What?
It's a time of his own.
He went out to play with the Kayaba clan.
It's been a long time since I saw him.
I don't want to part with him.
I'd like to ask you to help me.
I'm not sure what to do.
I'll paint the brush of the old man's father.
I'll give him the sea and he'll be proud.
The year of the year, the flow of water, the body of a man.
Today is the 13th day of the New Year.
The two of us go to the middle of the bridge.
TheIn thePM that covers the shore,
The river that flows below,
That life Is not enough.
and count to one
about a year.
estos minas dearım
This month, in the morning
I'm all alone at my selves
a game of go kynji
O… How I hate you, mindless,
To my heart!
Cool-headed g doc OS.
This is a cheap matter.
You think you're moral four.
Who cares!
You're both heartless.
And useless!
Let's test our g vì machine!